(Doc+) Link API doc to parent object - part1 (#111951)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/data-streams/lifecycle/apis/delete-lifecycle.asciidoc

<titleabbrev>Delete Data Stream Lifecycle</titleabbrev>
++++

> Deletes the <<index-lifecycle-management,lifecycle>> from a set of data streams.

Reviewer: is this the wrong link? AFAIK data streams have their own lifecycle management, so this would be referring to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/data-stream-lifecycle.html

Author: ```suggestion
Deletes the <<data-stream-lifecycle.html,lifecycle>> from a set of data streams.
```

Ah, that does appear to be true. Good catch. So this?

Reviewer: no `html`, but yes 👍
